PD-1692 / 25.04 / Pd 1692 document remote assistance app (#3474)
truenas/documentation: content/TruenasApps/EnterpriseApps/RemoteAssist.md

---
title: "Remote Assist"
description: "Provides general information and use scenarios for the TrueNAS Enterprise Remote Assist app, which allows iXsystems support personnel remote access to TrueNAS Enterprise systems."
weight: 
tags:
- support
- apps
- enterprise
keywords:
- nas data storage
- software storage solutions
- enterprise data storage
---

{{< include file="/static/includes/apps/EnterpriseApps.md" >}}

{{< hint type=important title="TrueNAS Enterprise Use Only" >}}
The Remote Assist app is intended for use by TrueNAS Enterprise customers with active support contracts and iXsystems support staff only.
TrueNAS community use of Remote assist for any reason is outside of the intended purposes and not supported.
{{< /hint >}}

The Remote Assist app allows TrueNAS Enterprise support personnel remote access to customer systems to assist with deploying or troubleshooting an environment.

> Remotes Assist uses Tailscale to create secure connections between support staff and customers.

Reviewer: Typo on Remotes?

Author: ```suggestion
Remote Assist uses Tailscale to create secure connections between support staff and customers.
```

Authentication is established with a one-time use authentication key, provided by iXsystems support and used for the duration of the an active deployment or support case.
Remote Assist can be uninstalled after the support case resolves and redeployed if needed, with a fresh authentication key, to resolve a future support case.

## Installing Remote Assist

{{< enterprise >}}
Install Remote Assist only if instructed to by TrueNAS Enterprise support staff.
If you have not been instructed to install the app as part of an ongoing support case, contact support before moving forward.

{{< expand "Contacting Support" "v" >}}
{{< include file="/static/includes/iXsystemsSupportContact.md" >}}
{{< /expand >}}
{{< /enterprise >}}

Go to **Apps**, click on **Discover Apps**, and locate the **Remote Assist** app widget by either scrolling down to it or begin typing the name into the search field.

> Se;ect the widget to open the **Remote Assist** information screen.

Reviewer 2: Typo, "select"

Author: ```suggestion
Select the widget to open the **Remote Assist** information screen.
```

---
title: "Remote Assist"
description: "Provides general information and use scenarios for the TrueNAS Enterprise Remote Assist app, which allows iXsystems support personnel remote access to TrueNAS Enterprise systems."
weight: 
tags:
- support
- apps
- enterprise
keywords:
- nas data storage
- software storage solutions
- enterprise data storage
---

{{< include file="/static/includes/apps/EnterpriseApps.md" >}}

{{< hint type=important title="TrueNAS Enterprise Use Only" >}}
The Remote Assist app is intended for use by TrueNAS Enterprise customers with active support contracts and iXsystems support staff only.
TrueNAS community use of Remote assist for any reason is outside of the intended purposes and not supported.
{{< /hint >}}

> 

Reviewer 3: Enclose this in the {{< enterprise >}} shortcode? Or just insert this enterprise shortcode at the top of the article to apply to the entire artice? Thoughts?

Author: It already has the generic Enterprise shortcode at the top, but this one I specifically wanted an important(!) because they really want to emphasize that this is only to be used in certain circumstances.
